Let's make sure we can now also get all posts and for that I'll start on the backend in my schema again. Getting
that of course is a normal query,
so next to login I'll add a query and I'll name it posts, you can name it however you want.
I don't need any arguments here,
I instead can directly define my return type and that will actually not be that array of posts
as you might have expected
but actually I'll create a new type for that because remember that in the rest API, we also did not just
return an array of posts but for pagination, also a number that specified our total amount of posts
in the database.
So I will create a new type and I'll name it
post data which now has a posts key and that will be my array of posts and I'll also have a total posts
field here which will be an integer. Now
post data is what my query here should return
and now we need a resolver for that.
So let's head over to resolvers and there I'll add posts,
I'll write this
as an async function like this, I will actually not care about the first argument for now,
my args
but I will need the request to find out whether the user is authenticated. That is actually the first
thing I'll check and I'll copy the check from create
post, this if statement here and I'll add it here.
Now if the request is not authenticated, if the user is not authenticated, I'll throw an error, otherwise
I'll later add some pagination logic
but for now I want to find the total number of posts and then all posts. So total posts can be found
by awaiting
post find, this gives me all posts and then count documents. The posts themselves can be found by using
await on post find like this and again later
I will also add skip and limit, for now I'll only add sort and I will sort by createdAt in descending order,
I will also populate my creator to fetch the full user data with the name and so on because I'll need
all that on the frontend.
So here I get my posts,
now we can already return some data.
I'll return an object and that object has to look like
I defined it in my schema, so it has to be an object with a post key and a total posts key.
So in that object, I'll add posts and that will be the posts I've fetched here and total posts which
will be total posts. Now
posts will not be returned like this because in there would be fields like _id or createdAt
which hold data formats that are not understood by graphql,
so instead I will add map here and you learned about map
for example in the javascript refresher which allows me to transform every element in that array.
So here I will return a new object for every post which will generally be the same, so I will pull out
the existing elements on the posts document
but then I will override the ID with p_id toString to return a string and for createdAt
.
I will use p createdAt to ISO string and the same for updatedAt where I will use p updatedAt to
ISO string
and this is now how I will transform my posts, every single post in the posts array and therefore, the
overall array.
This is the backend, this is the schema and the resolver setup for getting posts,
now let's test this on graphiql
here. Let me reload that page and there I will run a new query
which will be called posts
and let's say there I'm interested in both the posts and total posts.
Posts is an array of complex objects,
so there I also need to specify what I want to get out of there,
let's say I'm interested in the ID, the title and the content.
And now I hit control enter and I get not authenticated which is correct because I am not sending a
token here. So that is the next step, we'll send these requests from the frontend, add our token and then of
course also render our posts.